Hi! Nice to meet you. Yeah.
I can barely hear you, but
It's okay. Yeah, where are we talking?
We were talking about North... North America City.
And what?
Oh, I, I gotta say, it's Mexico.
Hmmm. Nope, it's a You Tube. Yeah.
I gotta say, I love tacos. But other than that...
I'm not sure actually. Wait. Actually...
What? Actually, I don't like... um
What's that place called? uh Washington DC. I hate it.
It's too bustling.
You know. You know. It's, It's like
It's like Tokyo or something. Bustling.
Dirty. It's like Tokyo but dirtier.
Yeah, it's just dirty.
Full of germy grime.
Germy grime. Oh, yeah. Germany. Germany is not.
Bread in Germany is vintage.
And cheese. Bread and cheese, we were talking about that too.
I think Europe has the best bread.
Which place has the best bread?
The best bread. Yeah.
I mean, maybe it's different, maybe it's different for each country.
Cause like, German can't have good sandwiches bread.
And...
And then France could have good baguette bread.
And then Japan could have good milk bread with melon bread.
And USA has uh... white bread.
Like normal, I don't know, you're also a percentage. Processed, right?
And they have tacos. They have corn tacos.
Yup.
Oh. Uh, What is it called?
Nan or something? No, no, no. What the... The stuff that they eat with hummus?
Pita. Pita bread. Pita.
Pita bread and hummus. Damn.
Um...
That is one of the best things to eat in the, in the Middle East. In the entire Middle East.
Yes, that's a core memory of mine.
The random guy with the best bread I've ever had.
Randomly. It was just random, and dad was like, let's eat this.
on the street, but... And I thought it was sketchy but it was actually good.
And just dipping the bread.
in your hummus and then with the falafel too. It's phenomenal.
I think.
That was one of my core memories.
Especially um...
I know. Who's watching this video?
I have never been to Africa.
So I wouldn't know. Oh!
My favorite city is in Brazil.
Because then in Brazil...
They have really good chocolate. You know they make really good chocolate in Brazil?
Like
for example, one of my...
Brazilian friends have made me uh
like a little round chocolate with I don't know like little sprinkles on it.
But it was too expensive. It was like $3 for one or something.
I didn't want to buy it. Wait, it was like,
It was in Japan. Cause you know there's a lot of...
Uh Brazilian people were in Japan. And
Yeah.
Yeah. Really? Can I go?
Wait. Where is it? Is it here? I know it.
Wait, why don't you invite me? I wanna go. Yeah, I do. I love jazz.
I love jazz and I love fusion. Mmmmm.
Okay. But, but then you'd go by yourself?
Oh, Which friend? Wait, that one guy you said is cool?
Yeah. You shouldn't mind me.
I want to go because I love. I really appreciate good music. You know.
I appreciate it. OK, wait, wait. What were you talking about?
Places, right? Okay, what place has the best music genre? genres?
Stop. What place?
It is, it's talking about different places.
And that counts. Yeah. And wait, yeah. And the best bread is like around there.
I think. I think
I don't know where it came from but like
the... Am I allowed to say the black people genre? That's the best.
Like a gospel.
That style? You know, Fujikaze uses that style.
Okay.